# PullRequestsBuildsTab extension © 2025 Federico Di Marco
This Azure Devops extension adds a **Builds** tab to every pull request which lists all the builds generated by the continuous integration since the creation of the pull request.

# Reasons which led to the creation of this extension
In my work experience I worked with both Azure Devops and Jenkins pipelines and, while I like Azure Devops mostly (it is a fully integrated tool), there was a feature from Jenkins which I liked and was missing, e.g. the [Stage View](https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-stage-view/) : a table resuming the history of all the builds and their outcomes generated by the continuous integration since the creation of the pull request.

# What is inside the new Builds tab

This tab is inspired to **Azure Devops Build runs** and it contains a simple grid with one row for every integration build generated since the creation fo the pull request made up of these columns:
-   **Pipeline**: this column contains the Azure Devops Pipeline triggered by the continous integration including its id. This grid cell is clickable and you will be redirected to all builds runs of this pipeline.
-   **Last run**: this column consists of two rows:
    - The upper one contains the build number and the commit message of the commit which triggered the build. This cell is clickable and you will be redirected to the results of the build run.
    - The lower one contains the id of the commit which triggered the build and the user who performed the commit. This cell is clickable and you will be redirected to the detail of the commit.
-   **Stages**: this column contains the result of the build and it is clickable with a hyperlink to build logs.
-   **Time and duration**: this column contains the build start time, end time and duration in a human readable format.

**Features:**
- You can sort any column in ascending or descending order.
- This tab autorefreshes whenever a new commit is pushed to the pull request branch thanks to its integration with Azure Devops SignalR websocket events.
- Most of the cells have also a tooltip.
- The grid is scrollable

Last but not the least this extension is free and it has been released under MIT license.

# Version history

**0.1.0-0.1.2**: Initial preview versions
- Known bugs:
    - The extensions is working fine, yet there are still some inconsistencies in the user interface, notwithstanding the fact I used the [Azure Devops global styles provided by the documentation](https://developer.microsoft.com/it-it/azure-devops/develop/extensions).
    - The column sorting must be fixed.

**0.1.3**: (it did not work when published, probably due to wrong extension manifest setting)
- added autorefresh on pushes to pull request source branch using SignalR events
- minor bugfixes on code and ui

**1.0.0**: First official version (it did not work when published, again due to wrong extension manifest setting)
- fixed styles
- fixed column sorting
- improved hyperlinks  (now they support CTRL key to open them in a new tab)
- added grid scrolling
- added further screenshots

**1.0.1**: 
- No changes just fixed extension manifest (hopefully no more broken versions)

**1.0.2**: 
- No changes just updated readme

**1.0.3**: 
- Removed calls to retrieve accessToken and appToken (not needed) in order to optimize load time

**1.0.4**: 
- No changes just updated readme

**1.0.5**: 
- Added missing <!DOCTYPE html> root tag in order to avoid quirks mode in browsers
